# About Us

University Radio Nottingham is the multi-award--winning university radio
station of the University of Nottingham Students' Union. During
term-time we broadcast locally on University Park Campus and worldwide
via our website.

URN has been broadcasting on University Park since November 1979. The
station was originally based in the Cherry Tree building which stood
behind the Portland Building. In 2003 the Cherry Tree building was
demolished and we moved to the ground floor of the Portland Building,
right by mooch. In 2018, as part of the Portland Redevelopment, we moved
upstairs to the Media Zone on Floor C. From this location we currently
broadcast for twenty-four hours a day, twenty of which are live shows.

We have over one hundred and fifty members who every day present and
produce radio programmes, report on the news, and work to maintain the
station. The station is completely run by students right from the Monday
morning headline reader to the editor of the station and the rest of
[the committee](/pages/committee/).
Everyone at URN juggles their university degree with their dedication to
volunteering at the station. Our output is a mix of daytime
entertainment based programmes, student-focused news, sport and
discussion shows and a broad range of specialist music programmes
covering almost every genre of music.

We have held the title of Best Student Radio Station several times,
including for 2021, and have won more Student Radio Awards than any
other station. Our presenters and programmes have also won big prizes.
These awards are judged by some of the most prominent figures in the
radio industry, from across the BBC and commercial radio. As
broadcasting changes in the radio industry, we aim to be at the cutting
edge and as such URN now also organises live music events, works with
local businesses and sports teams to provide interviews and coverage of
local events, and creates a wealth of video content throughout the year.
This has led us to be more aligned with the changing needs of our
audience as well as give aspiring broadcast journalists here at the
University of Nottingham the best experience of what the current radio
industry is like.

Here at URN, we want to represent the diverse and talented student body
at the university and are always welcome to more students getting
involved with the station. Click
[here](/pages/get-involved)
to find out how to get involved with the station.

As a student radio station, URN has access to over 35,000 students. If
your company would like to provide prizes and gain exposure across the
Nottingham student community then we would love to hear from you.

## Contact  

[marketing\@urn1350.co.uk](https://web.archive.org/web/20210227235916/mailto:marketing@urn1350.co.uk)

**If you are an artist that would like to work with URN, drop us a line at [music\@urn1350.co.uk](mailto:music@urn1350.co.uk)**

**For any additional queries, get in touch at [management\@urn1350.co.uk](mailto:management@urn1350.co.uk)**
