# Get Involved

Here at URN we want to represent the diverse and talented student body
at the University of Nottingham and always welcome more students to join
the station.

You can get involved with URN as a presenter, producer or reporter and
you'll get all the training you need to make it on-air. Many of us had
never done radio before we joined URN, so don't worry!

In the past year, we've continued to broadcast from home and provide a
variety of content throughout lockdown from live shows to podcasts. Our
station has commentated on the biggest Varsity Ice Hockey match outside
of North America and hosted the Students Union Elections Night live on
stage and on air. We've completed numerous charity fundraisers,
including our all day event '*Robin Hoods Quest'* for Sport Relief*,*
held a Media Cup football tournament, interviewed a plethora of artists
ahead of gigs in local venues and hosted a Christmas special live from a
student house! All of this is why we are the best student radio station
in the country and why we produce such talented individuals. Many of our
members go into the industry, from producers to DJs. If you want to get
involved, but aren't sure of what aspect would best suit you, there's a
handy guide to our station below.

## Helpful Info and Contacts

**Daytime** is all about entertainment, chat, music and competitions --
it's the likes of Scott Mills, Clara Amfo and Greg James. This runs from
9:00am to 5:00pm everyday through term time and is the best avenue to
express your creativity. If this sounds of interest, talk to Danica
([daytime\@urn1350.co.uk](mailto:daytime@urn1350.co.uk)).

**After Dark** kicks off from 7:00pm and runs until 3am, showcasing the
best of specialist music, from rock to rap. If you have a passion for a
particular genre, then this is for you, contact Will for more details
([afterdark\@urn1350.co.uk](mailto:afterdark@urn1350.co.uk)).

**Culture** at URN encompasses a huge array of shows. 
Ranging from film and lifestyle to award winning podcasts, email Henry for more information
([speech\@urn1350.co.uk](mailto:speech@urn1350.co.uk)).

**News** is another important aspect of URN. At 5:00pm every week day
our news team is responsible for The Pulse: an hour long news show
covering the top stories of the day in more detail. The team also
produce a number of in depth special on topics such as Black History
Month and the US elections, as well as providing coverage of the
Students Union elections. If you're interested in getting valuable
experience in broadcast journalism contact Mark
([news\@urn1350.co.uk](mailto:news@urn1350.co.uk)).

**Sport** coverage on URN ranges from a Saturday football show to a huge
number of podcasts which cover all different areas of sport. URN also
offers exclusive live coverage of the Varsity series in the new year,
live broadcasting from such iconic venues as Meadow Lane and the
Motorpoint Arena. We also have access to press passes for all Notts
County FC fixtures. Callum can help if you have any questions
([sport\@urn1350.co.uk](mailto:sport@urn1350.co.uk)).

**Technical** involves everything from microphones, servers and cables
to website design. We run two digital radio studios, a live room, as
well as numerous outside broadcasts and everything in between. Whether
you're an experienced sound or lighting technician, have worked in radio
before or have absolutely no experience but want to get involved we
would love to hear from you -- drop an email over to Mark
([technical\@urn1350.co.uk](mailto:technical@urn1350.co.uk)).

**None of the above?** If you'd like to get involved in radio but none
of the above seems to fit with what you want to do, drop us an email and
we can help you out:
[getinvolved\@urn1350.co.uk](mailto:getinvolved@urn1350.co.uk)

You can also get in touch with us by messaging us on Facebook and we'll
do our best to get you through to the right people.

[University Radio Nottingham Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/urn1350)

[URN New Members Facebook
Page](https://www.facebook.com/groups/9040436162640250)

General questions? Email:
[management\@urn1350.co.uk](mailto:management@urn1350.co.uk)
